README.md, before:

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/metage2metabo.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/Metage2Metabo/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/AuReMe/metage2metabo-postaviz.svg)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo-postaviz/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/actions/workflows/pythonpackage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/actions/workflows/pythonpackage.yml) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/metage2metabo-postaviz/badge/?version=latest)](https://metage2metabo-postaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# M2M-PostAViz

M2M-PostAViz (_M2M Post-Analysis and Visualization_) is an interactive platform for exploring metabolic potential predictions from [Metage2Metabo (M2M)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/tree/main).

## Installation

Install with pip:

```sh
pip install m2m-postaviz
```

Or from source:

```sh
git clone https://gitlab.inria.fr/postaviz/m2m-postaviz.git
cd m2m-postaviz
pip install .
```

## Quickstart

To test the application with example data:

```sh
m2m_postaviz --test
```

For full documentation, usage, and advanced options, see the [online documentation](https://metage2metabo-postaviz.readthedocs.io/).

## License

GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)

## Authors

Léonard Brindel and [Clémence Frioux](https://cfrioux.github.io)

Commit message:

typo licence, update python req and GA versions

README.md, after:

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/metage2metabo.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/Metage2Metabo/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/AuReMe/metage2metabo-postaviz.svg)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo-postaviz/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/actions/workflows/pythonpackage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/actions/workflows/pythonpackage.yml) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/metage2metabo-postaviz/badge/?version=latest)](https://metage2metabo-postaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# M2M-PostAViz

M2M-PostAViz (_M2M Post-Analysis and Visualization_) is an interactive platform for exploring metabolic potential predictions from [Metage2Metabo (M2M)](https://github.com/AuReMe/metage2metabo/tree/main).

## Installation

The application is tested on Python versions 3.12 and 3.13, on Windows, MacOS and Ubuntu.

Install with pip:

```sh
pip install m2m-postaviz
```

Or from source:

```sh
git clone https://gitlab.inria.fr/postaviz/m2m-postaviz.git
cd m2m-postaviz
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install .
```

## Quickstart

To test the application with example data:

```sh
m2m_postaviz --test
```

For full documentation, usage, and advanced options, see the [online documentation](https://metage2metabo-postaviz.readthedocs.io/).

## License

GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)

## Authors

Léonard Brindel and [Clémence Frioux](https://cfrioux.github.io)
